# AccountingBackend

Welcome to the documentation for the **AccountingBackend** - a backend application designed to support personal finance management within a fullstack application. This README provides an overview of the application.

## Introduction

**AccountingBackend** is a backend application created to serve as the foundation for a fullstack application focused on managing personal finances. The actual front-end application is still under development.

## Technologies Used

The **AccountingBackend** application is built using the following technologies:

- **Spring Framework:**
- **Spring Data JPA:**
- **Spring Security:**
- **OAuth2 Resource Server:**
- **PostgreSQL:**
  
## Installation guide

### Prerequisites
- Java 17 or later installed on your system
- Apache Maven installed on your system
- Git installed on your system
- A command-line interface
- PostgreSQL installed on your system 

### Cloning the repository
To clone the repository, run the following command:

```
git clone [repository URL]
```

### Running the application with IDE

You can download an IDE (eg. IntelliJ) and export the cloned project
The IDE will scan pom.xml file and download all dependencies. It also builds and runs the application.
- Add following environment variables for postgres: USERNAME and PASSWORD.
Guide to add environment variables in IntelliJ is here https://www.jetbrains.com/help/objc/add-environment-variables-and-program-arguments.html

## Application

Link for the application is https://accounting-backend-98ed723ee046.herokuapp.com/

## APi documentation

Link for the API documentation is https://accounting-backend-98ed723ee046.herokuapp.com/swagger-ui/index.html

## UML chart

Coming soon!!

This project is still under development.

This documentation is partly generated by ChatGPT language model.
